ah
hi I'm Sally from the Quebec today I'm
going to explain how to use our camera
case we've got a mirrorless camera case
mid sized camera case and professional
easier case and compact camera cases
dicapac WPS ten case is compatible with
most s era and DSLR cameras let's see
what's in it if you open a box there is
a camera case and the menu er and a
strap and one more spawns in it
in 2015 we reinforced the joint of the
entrance before you use the DK peg you
must do the waterproof test by yourself
for the test you prepare the paper put
letters on the paper using a water pan
and put it inside the case you make sure
of the height of the lens and you do the
test for half an hour once you've done
the test you prepare the camera and
split the lens like this split the lens
cover put the body in the case you
should remember there are two finger
hole but before your lens inside here
you push out the finger hole like this
then it's easier to connect the lens
push the cover like this then put on the
lens like this pink about ten you should
put it inside again then lock it lens
filter tightly the entrance you should
make sure of the zipper
connect it all you can listen a little
sounds roll it up six times then lock it
again then finish it there are three
finger holes so you can use your finger
behind and then finger button here if
you have any questions please visit our
website or Facebook and leave the
messages enjoy the moment
thank you